Introduction
The following terms of use (“Terms”) govern your use of the stock trading application (“App”) and the services offered through the App (“Services”). By accessing or using the App or Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms or our Privacy Policy, you may not use the App or Services.

Use of the App and Services
The App and Services are intended for use by individuals who are 18 years of age or older. You represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age and that you have the legal capacity to enter into these Terms.

You may use the App and Services only for lawful purposes and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You may not use the App or Services to engage in any illegal activity, or to promote or support any illegal activity.

Intellectual Property
The App and Services, including all text, images, graphics, software, and other content, are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. You may not reproduce, distribute, or otherwise use any of the content without the express permission of the owner.

Disclaimer of Warranties
The App and Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We make no warranties, express or implied, regarding the App or Services, including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.

Limitation of Liability
In no event shall the App and Services, or their respective affiliates, officers, agents, or employees be liable for any damages, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages, arising out of or in connection with the use of the App or Services, or any other matter relating to the App or Services.

Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the App and Services and their respective affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or in any way connected with your use of the App or Services.

Changes to These Terms
We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time. Your continued use of the App or Services following any changes to these Terms shall constitute your acceptance of such changes.

Governing Law
These Terms and your use of the App and Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which the App is operated.

Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms or the App or Services, please contact us at [insert contact information].

